[CTOR-659] refresh Azure SQL Server doc page (#3399)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/cloud-azure-database-sqlserver.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **Azure SQL Server** brings a host template:

* **Cloud-Azure-Database-SqlServer-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Cloud-Azure-Database-SqlServer-custom" label="Cloud-Azure-Database-SqlServer-custom">

| Service Alias | Service Template                                        | Service Description     |
|:--------------|:--------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------|

> | Server-Status | Cloud-Azure-Database-SqlServer-Server-Status-Api-custom | Check SQL server status |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Server-Status | Cloud-Azure-Database-SqlServer-Server-Status-Api-custom | Check the status of the SQL server |
```

| AZURERESOURCEGROUP | Set resource group                                                                                                         |                   |             |
| AZURESQLSERVERNAME | Filter server name (can be a regexp)                                                                                       |                   |             |
| AZURESUBSCRIPTION  | Set Azure subscription (required if logged to several subscriptions)                                                       |                   | X           |
| AZURETENANT        | Set Azure tenant ID                                                                                                        |                   | X           |
| PROXYURL           | Proxy URL if any                                                                                                           |                   |             |
| EXTRAOPTIONS       | Any extra option you may want to add to every command (a --verbose flag for example). All options are listed [here](#available-options).                       |                   |             |

> > Set the following options in the EXTRAOPTIONS macro if you are monitoring resource from Microsoft Azure operated by 21Vianet (Azure China):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Set the following options in the EXTRAOPTIONS macro if you are monitoring Microsoft Azure resources operated by 21Vianet (Azure China):
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

3. [Deploy the configuration](/docs/monitoring/monitoring-servers/deploying-a-configuration). The service appears in the list of services, and on the **Resources Status** page. The command that is sent by the connector is displayed in the details panel of the service: it shows the values of the macros.

## How to check in the CLI that the configuration is OK and what are the main options for?

Once the plugin is installed, log into your Centreon poller's CLI using the
**centreon-engine** user account (`su - centreon-engine`). Test that the connector
is able to monitor an Azure Instance using a command like this one (replace the sample values by yours):

```bash
/usr/lib/centreon/plugins/centreon_azure_database_sqlserver_api.pl \
	--plugin=cloud::azure::database::sqlserver::plugin \
	--mode=server-status \
	--custommode='api' \
	--resource-group='' \
	--subscription='xxxxxxxxx' \
	--tenant='xxxxxxxxx' \
	--client-id='xxxxxxxxx' \
	--client-secret='xxxxxxxxx' \
	--proxyurl=''  \
	--location='' \
	--filter-name='' \
	--warning-status='' \
	--critical-status='%{state} ne "Ready"'
```

The expected command output is shown below:

```bash

> OK: All servers are ok | *servers*#status='Ready';;;

Reviewer: same as FR
